The laser marking machine is a kind of laser equipment that relies on light sources to solve industrial processing problems. In recent years, fiber laser marking technology has been more and more used in the field of laser engraving. The laser marking machine is very easy to operate. Anyone who knows a little computer knowledge can quickly master the operation mode of the laser marking machine.

There are three main types of mainstream equipment in the laser marking machine industry, fiber laser marking machine, co2 laser marking machine and ultraviolet laser marking machine. These three are the three types of equipment with a high market share. The materials targeted by these three types of marking equipment are different and each has its own quality.

The fiber laser marking machine is a new generation laser marking machine system developed with the world's advanced laser technology. Fiber laser marking machine uses fiber laser to output laser, and realizes marking function through high-speed scanning oscillator system. The optical conversion efficiency of fiber laser marking is as high as 30% or more, the whole machine is small in size and the output beam quality is so good. Zhengzhou fiber laser marking machine has high reliability, and it plays an irreplaceable role in industrial production in all walks of life.

The co2 laser marking machine adopts the co2 laser extended focusing optical system and high-speed vibration scanner, which has the advantages of stable performance, long running time and no maintenance. The co2 laser is a gas laser with a laser wavelength of 10.64m, which belongs to the mid-infrared band. The co2 laser has higher power and higher photoelectric conversion rate, and the co2 laser uses carbon dioxide as the working material.

The ultraviolet laser has small heat-affected area, no thermal effect, no material scorching, fast marking speed, high efficiency, stable performance, small size and low power consumption. The ultraviolet laser marking machines can be used to mark ultra-fine special materials because their focus point is small and the heat-affected zone is small.

In short, the co2 laser marking machine is mainly for marking non-metallic materials, such as plastic, glass, etc., but after a period of use, it needs to be filled (carbon dioxide gas).

The fiber laser marking machine can process metal and some non-metal materials. Simply put, it combines the functions of a carbon dioxide laser marking machine and a semiconductor laser marking machine, and the speed is more than three times that of semiconductors, and the service life is 100,000 hours without changing parts.

Note: The fiber laser marking machine can only be used for marking some hard plastic materials, most non-metallic materials still need to use the co2 laser marking machine.

The UV laser marking machine can be used for metal and non-metal processing, and its application range is wider than the former two. Moreover, UV is cold processing, which has less impact on the product and has more refined marking accuracy.

In addition to laser marking machines, Zhengzhou Defy also produces advertising equipment such as laser engraving machines, laser cutting machines, laser welding machines and channel letter bending machines. Please contact us for inquiries about purchasing equipment.

Email: michael@metrontec.com
Phone: +8618848968295
