The laser cutting engraving machine is worth thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars, so people must pay attention to it in the operation, and usually pay attention to maintenance to increase the service life of the cutting equipment. Only in this way can investment costs be saved and greater benefits for customers can be created.

Ⅰ.Water Replacement & Water Tank Cleaning
Water replacement: The quality and temperature of the circulating water directly affect the service life of the laser tube. It is recommended to use pure water and keep the water temperature below 35°C. If it exceeds 35℃, the circulating water needs to be replaced, or ice cubes are added to the water to reduce the water temperature (it is recommended that the user choose a cooler or use two water tanks).
Water tank cleaning: First turn off the power, unplug the water pipe at the water inlet, and let the water in the laser tube automatically flow into the water tank, then open the water tank, take out the water pump, and remove the dirt on the water pump. After cleaning the water tank and replacing the circulating water, restore the water pump back to the water tank, insert the water pipe connecting the pump into the water inlet, and arrange the connectors.
Note: Make sure that the laser tube is filled with circulating water before the laser engraving and cutting machine works. Water-cooled, ensure that it is replaced once a month; air-cooled, ensure that it is replaced once a week; clean the water tank regularly every week.

Ⅱ.Fan Cleaning
Long-term use of the fan will accumulate a lot of solid dust in the fan, causing the fan to produce a lot of noise, and it is not conducive to exhaust and deodorization. When the fan suction is insufficient and the smoke is not smoothly exhausted, first turn off the power, remove the air inlet and outlet pipes on the fan to remove the dust inside, then turn the fan upside down and pull the blades inside until clean, and finally install the fan.

Ⅲ.Lens Cleaning
There are 3 mirrors and 1 focusing mirror on the laser engraving machine.(No. 1 mirror is located at the emission exit of the laser tube, which is the upper left corner of the machine, No. 2 mirror is located at the left end of the beam, and No. 3 mirror is located at the fixed part of the laser head at the top of the laser head, the focusing lens is located in the adjustable lens barrel at the lower part of the laser head.) The laser is reflected and focused by these lenses and emitted from the laser head.
The lens is easily stained with dust or other contaminants, which will cause laser loss or damage to the lens. No. 1 and No. 2 lenses need to be removed when cleaning. Just place the lens wiping paper dipped in cleaning fluid carefully along the center of the lens Wipe swivel to the edge. The No. 3 lens and focusing lens need to be taken out of the frame, wiped in the same way, and put back as they are after wiping.
Notes: 1.The lens should be gently wiped, and the surface coating should not be damaged (metal wood coated lenses are more durable); 2.The wiping process should be handled gently to prevent the lens from falling; 3.When installing the focusing lens, be sure to keep the concave surface down. (It is recommended to clean before work every day, and the equipment must be turned off.)

Ⅳ.Rail Cleaning
The guide rail of the engraving machine is divided into linear guide rail and roller guide rail. As one of the core components of the equipment, its function is to play a guiding and supporting role. During the operation of the engraving equipment, due to the large amount of corrosive dust and smoke generated in the processing of the materials, these smoke and dust will be deposited on the surface of the guide rail and linear axis for a long time, which affects the processing accuracy of the equipment, and will be corrosion spots are formed on the shaft surface, which shortens the service life of the equipment. In order to make the machine work normally and stably and ensure the processing quality of the products, the daily maintenance of the guide rail and linear axis must be done carefully.
The cleaning of linear guide rail: First move the laser head to the far right (or left), wipe the linear guide with a dry cotton cloth until it is bright and dust-free, add a little lubricating oil (do not use engine oil), and slowly push the laser head from side to side several times to make just distribute the lubricant evenly.
The cleaning of roller guide rail: Move the beam to the inside, open the end covers on both sides of the cutting engraving machine, wipe clean the areas where the guide rails on both sides are in contact with the rollers with a dry cotton cloth, and then move the beam to clean the remaining areas.
Note: Please prepare dry cotton cloth and lubricant to clean the guide rail. (It is recommended to clean once every half month and shut down the operation.)

Ⅴ.The Tightening of Screws & Couplings
After the motion system has been working for a period of time, the screws and couplings at the motion connection will be loosened, which will affect the smoothness of the mechanical motion. Therefore, during the operation of the machine, observe whether there are abnormal noises or abnormal phenomena in the transmission components. If problems are found, they must be tightened and maintained in time. At the same time, the machine should use tools to tighten the screws one by one after a period of time. The first firming should be about one month after the laser engraving equipment is used.

Ⅵ.The Inspection of Light Path
The optical path system of the laser engraving machine is completed by the reflection of the mirror and the focusing of the focusing mirror. In the optical path, the focus mirror does not have the problem of offset, but the three mirrors are fixed by the mechanical part, and the possibility of offset is greater. Although there is no deviation under normal circumstances, it is recommended that the user check whether the optical path is normal before each work.
